com/example/project_final_ali/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.ProfileFragment
 com.example.project_final_ali.ProfileFragment$1
com/example/project_final_ali/Controller/UtilsUi.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.UtilsUi
com/example/project_final_ali/TerminerFragment.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.TerminerFragment
com/example/project_final_ali/Controller/DataBaseHandler.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.DataBaseHandler
com/example/project_final_ali/DataPickerFragment.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.DataPickerFragment
com/example/project_final_ali/Module/User.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Module.User
com/example/project_final_ali/Controller/AdapterLocal.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.AdapterLocal
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.AdapterLocal$MyViewHolder
com/example/project_final_ali/PhoneCall.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.PhoneCall
 com.example.project_final_ali.PhoneCall$1
com/example/project_final_ali/Ui/ProfileCommand.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.ProfileCommand
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.ProfileCommand$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.ProfileCommand$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.ProfileCommand$3
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.ProfileCommand$4
com/example/project_final_ali/Ui/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.RegisterActivity
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.RegisterActivity$4
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.RegisterActivity$4$1
com/example/project_final_ali/Controller/AdapterClients.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.AdapterClients
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.AdapterClients$ClientHolder
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.AdapterClients$ClientHolder$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Controller.AdapterClients$OnItemClickListener
com/example/project_final_ali/Module/Client.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Module.Client
com/example/project_final_ali/Halper/MyButtonClickListener.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Halper.MyButtonClickListener
com/example/project_final_ali/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$2$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$2$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$4
 com.example.project_final_ali.HomeFragment$WrapContentLinearLayoutManager
com/example/project_final_ali/Halper/MySwipeHelper.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Halper.MySwipeHelper
 com.example.project_final_ali.Halper.MySwipeHelper$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Halper.MySwipeHelper$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.Halper.MySwipeHelper$3
 com.example.project_final_ali.Halper.MySwipeHelper$MyButton
com/example/project_final_ali/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.BuildConfig
com/example/project_final_ali/UtilsSQL/UtilSQL.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.UtilsSQL.UtilSQL
com/example/project_final_ali/OffLineFragment.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.OffLineFragment
 com.example.project_final_ali.OffLineFragment$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.OffLineFragment$1$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.OffLineFragment$1$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.OffLineFragment$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.OffLineFragment$WrapContentLinearLayoutManager
com/example/project_final_ali/Ui/CommandActivity.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$3
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$4
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$5
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$6
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$7
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$7$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.CommandActivity$7$2
com/example/project_final_ali/Ui/EditCommand.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.EditCommand
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.EditCommand$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.EditCommand$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.EditCommand$3
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.EditCommand$3$1
com/example/project_final_ali/MainActivity.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.MainActivity
 com.example.project_final_ali.MainActivity$1
com/example/project_final_ali/Ui/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.LoginActivity
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.project_final_ali.Ui.LoginActivity$3
